For those who haven't read the plaque,
we'll read the plaque.
Here men from the planet Earth,
first set foot upon the moon,
July 1969.
We came in peace for all mankind.
If this isn't an insanely beautiful woman,
I'm hanging up.
Sir.
I... I... I think you should listen to this.
Sir?
God damn it! Damn!
Damn.
Come on, baby. Come on, baby.
Come on, baby. Come on.
This better not be another
damn Russian spy job!
Boys from Air Traffic Res say
the skies are clear.
It's the real thing.
A radio signal from another world.
Let. Let's. Let's not jump the gun here.
Get online with Space Command.
They're gonna want to know about...
Jeez, what's with the golf balls.
You're gonna kill me here.
Wait. wait. This can't be right.
The calculated distance from source,
is only 375,000km.
It's coming from the moon.
Who else knows about this?
S.E.T.I. in New Mexico identified a signal.
But...
they're even more confused
than we are, sir.
Excuse me.
Major!
Yes, sir.
Radar reception has been impaired,
but we were able to get these.
We estimate that it has a diameter
of over 550km
and a mass roughly 1/4
the size of our moon.
What the hell is it?
A meteor?
No, sir.
No, definitely not.
How do you know?
Well sir, it's slowing down.
It's what?
It's...
It's slowing down, sir.
Get me the Secretary of Defense.
Then wake him!
Hello.
Hi.
It's me.
What time is it there?
It's 2:45 in the morning.
I know I didn't wake you.
As a matter of fact, you did.
Liar.
I have a confession to make.
I'm sleeping next to
a beautiful, young brunette.
You didn't let her stay up
all night watching TV?
Did you?
Of course not.
You're gonna come home right
after the luncheon, right?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Okay.
Mommy?
Here's your mother.
Hi, honey!
Hi. I miss you.
I know, I miss you too.
President Whitmore's approval ratings
have slipped below 40%.
Even his crime bill failed to pass.
He's good.
Are the salad days over for
President Whitmore? More talk.
Leadership as a pilot in the Gulf War
is completely different from
leadership in politics.
Daddy let me watch Letterman.
Traitor.
That's the problem.
They elected a warrior and they got a wimp.
Good morning, George.
Good morning, Mr. President.
That game couldn't have been pretty.
Thank you, sir.
Connie, you're up awfully early this morning.
They're not attacking your policies, sir.
They're attacking your age.
Whitmore seems less like the president
and more like the orphan
child Oliver asking.
Please sir, I'd like some more.
That's clever.
Yeah, well, I'm not laughing.
Age was never an issue
when you stuck to your guns.
You were thought of as young, idealistic.
Thanks.
Now...
the message has gotten lost.
It's just too much politics,
too much compromise.
Isn't it amazing how quickly
everyone can turn against you?
It's a fine line between standing behind
a principle and
hiding behind one.
You can tolerate a little compromise,
if you're actually managing
to get something accomplished.
Well...
The Orange County Dispatch has voted you
one of the ten sexiest men of the year.
That's...
That's accomplishing something.
Excuse me, Mr. President.
It's the Secretary of Defense.
Yes.
Could you say that again?
Station WXBY out here in Brooklyn.
The temperature is 95
degrees in Central Park.
What it is here in the borough,
God only knows.
Let's go to Nick Jones.
He'll give us a traffic
report to the beaches...
So what are you waiting?
My Social Security will expire,
you'll still be sitting there.
I'm thinking.
Yeah, well, think already!
If you don't move soon,
I'm gonna start to decompose.
Listen David, I've been meaning
to talk with you.
It's nice that you see me so much now, but...
Don't.
Don't start, Dad.
I'm only saying it's been what?
Four years?
You're still wearing a wedding band?
Three years.
All right, three, four. You're divorced.
Come on. Move on.
This is not healthy.
No, this is not healthy.
Smoking is not healthy.
Checkmate.
Wait a minute, wait a minute,
wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait. This is not...
This is not checkmate.
See you tomorrow, Pop.
No, no, just hold on.
This is not checkmate.
Checkmate.
Yes, we've got everybody we have
working on the problem.
I love XFiles, too.
I hope you get to see it.
David! David!
What's the hell's the point of having a beeper
if you're not gonna turn it on?
It was turned on, I was ignoring you.
Hello. What's the...
What's the big emergency?
It started this morning.
Every station's making like it's the 1950s.
We got static. We got snow.
All kinds of distortions.
Nobody knows...
What are you doing? There's a reason
we have bins labeled recycle.
What the hell is going on?
My God in heaven.
So sue me. David!
We got a problem.
Did you, try to switch transponder channels?
Oh, please. You think I'd be this
panicked if it was something simple?
Ok. Let's point the dish at another satellite.
We tried that. It didn't work.
It's almost as though they weren't even there.
All right. What've we got here?
This is impossible.
We created a race of robots.
Their function...
Miguel, the signal's all screwed up.
Stop it. Just leave it alone.
You're gonna break it, all right?
It's so fuzzy.
Oh, no.
Good morning, Lucas.
You see these?
I got a whole god damn crop full of these.
If your father's not in the air in 20 minutes...
I'm getting someone else.
Hey Russell!
Hey, Miguel!
Russell!
What are you doing?
Just what in the hell do you think you're doing?
It's the wrong field, you idiot.
Lucas' farm is on the other side of town.
Are you sure?
CNS is running a story that we're covering up
some type of nuclear testing experiment.
So tell them to run with it if they
want to embarrass themselves.
NASA's been on my butt all morning.
They want to know our position.
Our official position is
we have no official position.
Connie, what is going on here?
Come on guys, would I
keep you out of the loop?
Yes, absolutely.
In a second.
So what?
I can't hear you.
At the moment our satellites are
somewhat unreliable.
Isn't it possible that this thing
may just pass us by?
What if it doesn't pass us by?
Let's retarget some ICBMs
to blow it outta the sky.
And risk turning one dangerous
falling object into many?
We don't yet know enough
about what we're dealing with
to make any kind of intelligent judgments.
Luckily, the press is making up
their own story at this point.
But that's not gonna keep.
We may need to upgrade to DEFCON 3.
Absolutely.
General contact NORAD.
You tell them we've upgraded to DEFCON 3.
That's not what the President said.
Don't you think that's a little premature?
I don't think so.
We have over 50% of the armed forces
out on weekend leave.
Not to mention the commanders and troops
that are in town for the 4th of July parade.
Go ahead, Commander.
Our intelligence tells us the object
has settled into a stationary orbit.
Well, that's good news.
Not really, sir.
Part of it has broken off into nearly
three dozen other pieces,
smaller than the whole, sir,
yet over 15 miles in width themselves.
Where are they heading?
They should be entering our atmosphere
within the next 25 minutes.
Take us to DEFCON 3.
Please tell me we're getting somewhere.
Oh, there's good news
and there's bad news.
All right. What's the bad news?
The bad news is there's no
penalty for disturbing my lunch.
And the good news is
you're not gonna charge me.
No, the good news,
is that I found the problem.
It's not our equipment.
It's some kind of weird signal
embedded in the satellite feed.
Wait, that's the good news?
Yeah, 'cause this signal
has a definite sequential pattern.
So as soon as I find
the exact binary sequence,
then I can calculate the phase reversal with that
analyser I bought for your birthday and apply it,
we should be able to block it out completely.
And then we'll be the only guys in town
with a clear picture!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh, David!
That's why I love you!
That's not necessary.
Yes!
Too kind.
This better be good.
Captain on deck!
Sir, we're looking at a total radar
blackout over a 13 km area.
Let's do a diagnostic check...
Excuse me, sir.
The radar may be malfunctioning,
but the infrared
is totally off the map.
Jeez.
Get me Atlantic Command on the line.
Hang on, sir.
Sir, we have visual range
with incoming over Iraqi airspace.
Second sighting?
Yes, sir.
This just came in from the Persian Gulf.
Correction, sir.
We now have two confirmed
visual contacts.
That's affirmative. Mr. President.
They're tracking another one
off the California coastline.
All right, go ahead.
Put it on.
General, you might want to watch this.
Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen.
ladies and gentlemen,
we are interrupting our regular broadcast
to bring you extraordinary events
taking place in the Russian Republic.
This unexplained disturbance,
and the hysteria that it's
causing are incredible.
How would you describe,
what you're seeing?
It is clearing the mountains,
moving too slowly to be a comet
or meteor.
Widespread panic has gripped
the countryside
as thousands have taken to the streets.
It is confirmed.
The unexplained phenomenon
is headed for Moscow.
Mr. President, we have
an AWAC off the West Coast.
ETA with contact point, three minutes.
I don't understand it, sir.
Side radar doesn't see it.
I know. It's blind, sir.
Nothing is registering.
Negative.
We have zero visibility.
Visibility is at zero.
Command, this is Eagle Eye 370.
Captain, the president is listening.
Repeat what you just told me.
We still have zero visibility.
Instrumentation is malfunctioning.
We can't get any kind of reading
of what's in front of us.
Wait a minute.
May be clearing.
Pull up! Pull up!
Line's gone, sir.
Two more have been spotted over the Atlantic.
One's moving toward New York,
the other's headed this direction.
How much time do we have?
Less than 10 minutes.
Alex, organize a military escort.
Mr. President, I strongly recommend
we move you to a secure location immediately.
Connie, can we expect the same
kind of panic we saw in Russia?
More than likely.
Mister President.
We can discuss this on the way.
I'm not leaving.
We have to maintain a working government...
I want you to get the vice president,
the whole cabinet and joint chiefs,
and take them to a secured location.
I'm staying.
I don't want to add to a public hysteria
that's gonna cost lives.
Connie.
Yes, sir.
We'll initiate the Emergency
Broadcast System.
We'll advise people, not to panic.
The best idea right now,
is to stay in their homes.
Yes, sir.
Roy. Dean.
Alex, you contact the cabinet members.
Have them rendezvous here.
We'll take them to NORAD.
Mr. President, with your permission,
I'd like to remain at your side.
I had a feeling you would.
And what happens if they do become hostile?
Then God help us.
There it is, the strange atmospheric phenomenon.
It is apparently what has been causing
all the distortions in our broadcasts.
David, are you watching this?
Not to react in a manner of cold fear.
We have no evidence that these
phenomena are endangering anyone.
Thus far reports of aggression,
Marty, listen, listen to this.
I got a lock on the pattern of that
signal, so we can filter it out but...
if my calculations are right, it's going
to be gone in, like seven hours anyway.
It's reducing itself every time it recycles,
so eventually it's gonna disappear...
You listening?
Can you believe this.
David, haven't you been watching?
David!
General.
Good afternoon.
So far, the phenomenon has
not caused any damage.
We have to ask you to try to stay calm,
and it's important for everyone not to panic.
We have a fix on three of the
occurrences about to appear of...
It's just unreal.
Hey, Miguel, come here.
One is headed towards Los Angeles.
The other two are on our eastern seaboard
headed towards New York
and Washington D.C.
Marty. Marty.
Jamie says this building
has an old bomb shelter.
We're heading down there now.
All right, all right everybody,
head down to the basement.
Take it slow.
Don't run.
Walk down to the basement.
There's no shame in hiding.
Oh, I better call my mother.
Well, look who we have here.
Hey, Russ, I heard you had a little trouble
this morning.
Dusted the wrong field.
Well I know you're probably still
a little confused
from your hostage experience.
Hostage experience.
Did something happen to you, Russ?
Oh, yeah. Seems years back, our
boy was kidnapped by aliens.
Did all kind of experiments on him and such.
Tell them about it, Russ.
You get a couple of beers in him,
and he'll tell you all about it, crazy stuff.
Won't you, Russ?
Russ,
when they took you up in their spaceship,
did they do any...
sexual things, do you recall?
Do you recollect?
Oh, Russ!
Let's get outta here.
What's going on? What's going on?
What's that?
Let's get outta here.
Come on.
Mommy! Lookit!
It's too early, baby.
Is it a earthquake?
Not even a four pointer.
Go back to sleep.
Daddy!
What are you doing here?
You should be down in the shelter.
What's going on?
Aren't you coming, David?
No. I gotta see this.
That's cool, man!
You jerk!
The signal.
My God.
Now what do we do?
Address the nation.
There's gonna be a lot of
frightened people out there.
Yeah.
I'm one of them.
Come on.
He's just trying to impress you.
If you want to impress me,
you need to get a job,
and stop slobbering all over my shoe.
I don't believe this. Jasmine.
Neighbors moving out.
Guess they finally got tired of all these quakes.
A little shake and they running.
Police and the fire departments are
asking everyone to stay off the phone.
Baby, there's something on
the news about the quake.
The police are asking us not to call 911.
What's up, man?
Hi daddy.
What you been doing out there?
Shooting the aliens.
Oh, you shooting aliens, right?
You think you tough?
What you got?
Turn around.
Let me see what you got.
Come on, Boomer.
Let's get you something to eat.
Oh, no...
Watch out. Watch it now, baby.
I'll go grab the paper.
All right.
Dam...
Honey, let's go!
Babe, you want some of this coffee?
Babe.
Pentagon officials are reporting
more ships have just arrived
over the capitals of India,
England and Germany,
bringing estimates up to
anywhere from 10 to 15
of these city-sized spacecraft.
I know, Ma. Just try and stay calm.
Tell her to pack up and leave town.
Why?
What happened?
Just do it!
Oh, Ma. Ma, listen.
Get your stuff together and head
for Aunt Esther's.
Don't argue with me. Just go!
David, why did I just send
my mother to Atlanta?
David.
David, talk to me.
Did you hear me tell you that the
signal hidden in the satellite feed
is slowly recycling down to extinction?
Not really.
It's a countdown.
A countdown?
Wait. A countdown to what, David?
It's like in chess.
First you strategically position your pieces,
then when the timing's right you strike.
See?
They're positioning themselves
all over the world,
using this one signal
to synchronize their efforts.
In approximately six hours,
the signal's going to disappear,
and the countdown's going to be over.
And then what?
Checkmate.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
I've got to call my brother.
I'd better call my housekeeper.
I gotta call my lawyer.
Forget my lawyer.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the president of the United States.
Good afternoon.
My fellow Americans,
a historic and unprecedented
event has occurred.
The question of whether or not
we're alone in the universe
has been answered.
Although it's understandable that,
many of us feel a sense
of hesitation or even fear
we must attempt to reserve judgment...
He says he's your husband.
Oh, God.
What do you want?
You got to leave the White House.
This is hardly the time nor the place
to be having that same old discussion!
You don't understand.
You got to leave Washington.
Well, in case you haven't noticed,
we are having a little crisis here.
They're communicating with a hidden signal.
They're going to attack.
You are just being paranoid!
It's not paranoia.
The embedding's very subtle.
It's probably been overlooked.
Marty, what are you doing?
Get out of town as soon as you can.
Please, my staff and I
Ok. Ok.
Will remain in the White House
as we attempt to establish communication.
If you feel compelled to leave these cities,
please do so in an orderly fashion.
Hey! What's going on?
Excuse me.
Coming through.
The arrival of the alien visitors
has caused over 10,000 fender-benders
in just a few seconds' time,
but this is just the beginning...
Come on now, you can't go.
You got to call them back.
I'm not going to do this with you, Jasmine.
I've got to report to El Toro.
But you said you was on leave for the 4th.
Yeah, well, they canceled it!
Look, why are you acting like this?
Why?
That's why.
Look.
I really don't think they flew 90 billion light years,
to come down here and start a fight
and get all rowdy.
Look why don't you just relax?
I'm going to report to El Toro
and find out what's going on.
What are you doing in there, man?
Nothing. I'm just driving.
Look. Here, I got these for you.
Firecrackers.
Now, you be careful.
Steve, wait.
I want to tell you something.
What is it, Jasmine?
You take care of yourself, you hear?
Look.
Why don't you get some things packed,
and you and Dylan come stay
with me on the base.
And you will see that there is nothing
to be scared of.
Really?
You don't mind?
Well, I mean...
We'll have to let all my other girlfriends know
that they can't come over, you know,
and got to postpone a little freaky-deaky.
There you go,
there he goes, thinking you all that.
But you are not as charming
as you think you are, sir.
Yes, I am.
Them big old Dumbo ears.
Look at you with them chicken legs.
Come on Dylan, honey.
Look out!
What?
Hey!
The television said they started
the looting already, heven't they?
Vultures.
You still have the Plymouth?
You want to borrow the car?
David, you don't have a license.
You're driving.
Yeah, I'm driv...
I'm driving?
Come on, come on.
I really want you out of Los Angeles.
You're staying there to keep people calm.
It's the right thing to do. I'm not
going to let them criticize you for it.
I appreciate it, your trying to help me.
Liar.
Stick to the truth it's what you're good at.
All right. I'll tell you the truth.
I don't want you in any one of those cities.
I'll leave as soon as the interviews are done.
All right.
There's a helicopter waiting.
They're gonna take you to Nellis.
And the munchkin?
She's going to meet you there.
All right.
I love you.
Bye.
It's the White House for grying out loud!
You can't just drive up and ring a bell.
Can't this thing go any faster?
What, you think they don't
know what you know?
They know. Believe me, they know.
She works for the president.
They know everything.
They don't know this.
You're going to educate them?
Yeah so tell me something.
You're so smart.
How come you spend eight years at M.I.T
to become a cable repairman?
Dad!
No all I'm saying is they got people
who handle these things, David.
They want HBO, they'll call you.
Look at these, look at these people.
Look?
Vultures.
They take, and then they go.
They're going, they're going faster than we are.
Look at this we're in the fast lane.
I can't go faster.
They're cutting me off here.
No one's cutting you off.
We're going to get a ticket.
They're getting in front of me.
I can't go any faster.
All right. All right.
I don't want to argue you.
Let's just get there,
as quickly as possible.
What's the rush?
You think we'll get to Washington,
it won't be there?
A local crop duster was arrested today
as he papered city hall
with leaflets from the air.
Everybody's leaving.
Can you give us some of your time?
Do you want to make a statement?
We've got to stop them!
I was kidnapped by space aliens 10 years ago.
They did all kinds of experiments on me.
They've been studying us for years,
finding out our weaknesses.
We've gotta stop them!
They're gonna kill us all!
Some people attribute his eccentric behavior
to post-traumatic stress syndrome
from his service as a pilot in Vietnam.
Others, however, have a more unusual theory.
How would you describe Mr. Casse?
Private.
Keeps to himself.
Real quiet.
Quiet.
When they took him up in the spaceship,
the aliens abused him...
sexually.
Mr. Casse is in the county lockup
this evening...
Pack up.
We're leaving.
Due to extenuating circumstances,
he may be released later tonight.
Miguel, what about Dad?
This could be our last night on Earth.
You don't want to die a virgin...
do you?
Come on, we're going.
No. I'm not going anywhere.
Miguel!
Stop it!
Thanks a lot, partner.
You read my mind!
Stay here.
We gotta get as far away
from these things as we can!
They let you out?
You damn right!
They got bigger fish to fry now,
believe you me!
Come on, boy!
We're leaving without you.
We're going to live with Uncle Hector
in Tucson.
Hector!
Like hell you are.
I'm still your father.
No, you're not.
You're just the man who married my mother.
You're nothing to me!
Well, what about Troy?
Troy?
Yeah.
For once in your life, why don't you
think about what's best for him?
Who has to beg for money to buy him
medicine when you screw up!
Who? Who?
You stop it right now!
I'm not a baby anymore!
I don't want your stupid medicine,
because I'm so sick of medicine!
Do you know what this stuff costs?
Do you wanna get sick again?
Do you?
Once again, the L.A.P.D.
Is asking Los Angelenos
not to fire their guns at the visitor spacecraft.
You may inadvertently trigger an interstellar war.
Think we can find something better
to do with our time, gentlemen?
Where you been, Stevie?
Man, this is unbelievable.
This is, like, huge.
They. They've recalled everybody.
Well, looks like the mail's still working.
You got to do the honors for me, man.
You're a wuss.
Yeah, whatever, shut up and read it.
It says...
Captain Steven Hiller,
loser.
United States Marine Corps.
We regret to inform you that,
despite your excellent record of service...
I'm sorry, man.
You know what you need to do?
You need to, like, kiss some serious booty
to get ahead in this world, man.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
See, I like the one-knee approach because,
it puts the booty, like right...
in front of the lips, what's this?
That's nothing.
Hold on. Hold on, man.
What is this?
Jasmine kind of has a thing for dolphins.
I don't know.
Stevie, this is a wedding ring.
I thought you said you were going
to break the whole thing off.
Yeah.
Man, you know I really like Jasmine.
You know that, right?
Man, you're never going to get to fly
the Space Shuttle if you marry a stripper.
It could only happen in California file,
here's Wendy Walsh with a special report.
Below us, we can see hundreds of UFO fanatics
who have gathered on rooftops here in downtown
Los Angeles to welcome the new arrivals.
Oh, God! I hope they bring back Elvis!
I just came in to get my check tonight,
and I got talked into working.
Oh, I must have been tripping.
It's being called the party event of the century,
and everyone is invited,
especially you know who.
This is so cool.
Girl, please.
Oh, hey.
I made it before I came in tonight.
Check it out.
Now I know you're not thinking
about joining those idiots.
I am going over there as soon as I get off.
Do you wanna come?
Tiffany, listen to me a second.
I have got a really bad feeling about this.
I don't want you to go.
Oh, like the really bad feeling you got
when I went to Las Vegas?
Yeah. And I was right.
You didn't get the job and you
lost all your money gambling.
Yeah, but I wasn't in L.A. for the earthquake.
Tiff, I really don't want you to go up there.
Now promise me you won't.
Come on girl, promise me!
No, no, no.
I promise.
Ok.
Look.
I'm going.
I'm out of town for a while.
Later.
Bye.
Hey, there's my angel.
Come on.
Come on, Boomer. Let's go.
Hey, come on.
Talk to your boyfriend later.
Hey! What the hell's the kid doing here?
Get out of here!
You try finding a sitter today.
Hey! Hey, where do you
think you're you going?
You leave, you're fired.
Nice working with you, Mario.
Come on, Boomer.
Everyone in the world is trying
to get out of Washington.
We're the only schmucks trying to get in.
What. What the hell is that?
Pops, this is every phone book in America.
You think an important person
like Constance is going to be listed?
She always keeps her portable phone
listed for emergencies.
Sometimes it's her just first initial,
sometimes it's her nickname,
sometimes just her...
Oy, my God!
Hey, hey, hey, hey! Slow down!
Where are they going?
Please stop!
Tell them! Tell them!
Slow down!
Off-ramp!
We made it! We made it!
Good, good.
Nice driving, Pops.
Well...
So, not listed?
No, no. I just haven't found it yet.
I tried C. Spano, Connie Spano,
Spunky Spano.
Spunky?
College nickname.
Cute.
You tried Levinson?
No she didn't take my name
when we were married.
Why would she...
What are you talking about?
Try it.
Okay. Here. Look.
So, what do I know?
So...
You want to ring the bell or should I?
Oh, perfect. She's using it.
Perfect. What's perfect?
It's busy.
Yeah. I can use her signal,
to triangulate her exact position
in the White House.
You can do that?
Yeah. All cable repairmen can, Pops.
The visitors have arrived, but the president
remains at the White House.
Question.
Are Mr. Whitmore's actions A, ultra brave.
Or B, foolhardy?
What?
Now, don't hang up, sweetie.
David. How did you get this number?
Do me a favor.
Walk to the window.
And I'm looking for what?
You'll see.
Over here.
See us?
How does he do that?
Reporting live from Andrews Air Force Base
just outside Washington, D.C...
Yes, that's right, Tom, an amazing moment.
We're reporting from Andrews Air Force Base...
Now in light of our apparent inability
to communicate with the visitors,
Pentagon officials have retrofit
this skylift helicopter
with a type of visual communications device.
Mr. President.
Gentlemen, be seated.
This is not a military airgraft
but as you can see,
Where are we now?
They're just commencing liftoff.
And refitted with these enormous
light panels that are
attached to the hull and onto the sides.
Echo One, Welcome Wagon is in the air.
I repeat. Welcome Wagon is in the air.
Roger, Welcome Wagon.
Echo One right beside you.
This is something I would never
believe in my lifetime,
that I would be in the White House.
Look at this.
If I knew I was going to meet the president,
I would have worn a tie.
Yeah I mean, look at me.
I look like a schlemiel.
You look fine, Pops.
Oy, my God.
David, I don't know how happy
he's going to be to see you.
Yeah, that's right. I'm telling you,
we're wasting time.
Like he's not going to listen to me.
We should go?
Why wouldn't he?
Why wouldn't he listen?
Because last time I saw him we,
we got into a fight.
You walked in the room
and punched him in the head.
You punched the president?
He wasn't the president then.
I punched him, he fought back.
We wrestled around. It was a fight.
A fight that you started,
because David thought that
I was having an affair.
With the president?
Which, of course, I wasn't...
Hey, hey! You know, either go get him,
or we should head back to the car.
All right. I'll get him.
You wait here, and don't touch anything.
You punched the president?
Mein Gott!
Nearing point of contact, Echo One.
We're closing in.
Roger that. You're a go to
commence sequence when ready.
This I like.
Look at this!
You know what famous people
have been here?
Yes, Dad.
Politicians, actors...
Baseball players, singers...
And now me.
Imagine that!
Look, a poor immigrant like me.
It's a dream!
David, please!
The three choppers are
steadily approaching
what has been unanimously agreed
to be the front of these spaceships,
a parabolic indentation 9 city blocks...
You're leaving now?
Hey, see if they got those pens
that they give away.
Dad, what?
You'd still think I have
a choice of my company.
I don't have time for this.
Two minutes, Tom.
Connie...
Mr. President. Mr. President.
Julius Levinson.
David is my son.
I told you he wouldn't listen.
Νο, you have to tell him now.
Tell him. David, you have to tell him!
Hey Connie!
David, tell him!
I know why we have satellite disruption.
All right. Go ahead.
Ok.
Let's say that you want to coordinate with
spaceships on different sides of the Earth.
You couldn't send a direct signal, right?
You're talking about line of sight.
Yeah, that's right, that's right. Exactly.
The curve of the Earth prevents it.
If you'd need satellites to relay that signal
in order to reach each ship.
Well, I found a signal,
hidden inside,
our own satellite system.
Excuse me, Mr. President.
They're starting.
They're using our own satellites against us...
and the clock is ticking.
Bringing it in to hover.
Welcome Wagon, Echo One.
Approaching alien ship.
Initiating communications sequence,
Echo One.
Welcome Wagon has commenced.
General Grey, coordinate
with the Atlantic Command.
Tell them to evacuate as many people
out of the cities as they can.
Yes, sir.
Get those helicopters away from the ship.
Call them back immediately.
What the hell's going on?
We're leaving.
Kim, my daughter.
There's something happening here.
They're responding.
Something's opening.
Something is happening.
It looks like there's some kind of activity here.
This may be some type of response,
Echo One.
We see it, too.
Can't identify it.
We are evacuating. I repeat.
We are evacuating the White House.
Load the rest of the staff
in the second helicopter.
Who should we pick?
Is my wife in the air?
She will be shortly.
Nice.
Very nice.
Ok. Buckle up.
Latch secure.
Look, we have our own phone.
Let's move outta here!
The president's ordered an evacuation.
We have to leave now.
And our prayers go out to the wives
and children of those brave pilots.
Indeed, God help us all.
Come on.
The visitors responded with terrifying...
Authorities have called for a complete
evacuation of Los Angeles County.
People are advised to avoid the highways
wherever possible.
Oh, yeah. Great.
Now he tells me.
This is the Los Angeles Police Department.
Please vacate the premises immediately
for your own safety.
Take me!
Can we move it along?
Dr. Katz's office.
Hello. Let me speak to...
Dr. Katz,
Please.
I'm sorry. He's not available.
Listen, for $300 an hour, you can put me
through to his house in the Hamptons!
This is the Los Angeles Police Department.
Please vacate the premises immediately
for your own safety.
Mrs. Whitmore.
You must leave now.
First lady secured.
We're on the move.
Look! They're opening up!
It's so pretty.
We gotta get the hell outta here!
Go ahead, pilot.
We're ready to take off right now.
Can you get a blanket for Patricia?
Here.
Over there?
Time's up.
Get down!
Oh, crap.
Oh, my God.
Come on, Dylan.
We gotta go.
Come on, Boomer.
Boomer!
Reports are unclear as to the extent
of the devastation,
but from all accounts,
Los Angeles, Washington,
and New York have been left in ruins...
Good God!
I been saying it.
I been saying it for 10 damn years.
Ain't I been saying it, Miguel?
I been saying it.
Dad, I'm sick. I don't feel good.
Pull it over, man.
We're going to be all right, Troy.
Leave me alone, man I got it.
Miguel.
Look at all that.
We could have evacuated the cities hours ago.
That's the advantage of being a fighter pilot.
In the Gulf War, we knew what we had to do.
It's just...
not simple anymore.
A lot of people died today.
How many didn't have to?
Any news on my wife yet?
The helicopter never made it to Nellis.
No radio contact.
Come on, Dylan.
Stay close.
Here it is.
What happened, Mommy?
I don't know, baby.
You men will be the first wave
in our counterattack.
Our target is to the north,
centered above what remains
of down town Los Angeles.
You scared, man?
No.
You?
Nope.
Hold me.
Hey, pay attention.
Something you want to add to this briefing,
Captain Hiller?
No, sir. I'm just a little anxious to get up
there and whup E. T.'s ass, that's all.
And you'll get your chance.
You'll all get your chance.
Good hunting.
Dismissed.
Let's kick the tires and light the fires,
big daddy.
Let's bring it home.
Let's bring that bad boy home, Captain.
You loose?
Yes, sir.
You got your victory dance?
Well, I got it right here.
Don't get premature on me, soldier.
We don't light up till the fat lady sings.
I'm all ears, brother.
You the man!
All right, gentlemen, we're on.
General, it's NORAD.
General Grey here.
Al?
All satellite, microwave and ground
communications with the cities are down.
All systems go.
For intelligence, we believe
we're looking at a total loss.
How about our boys?
Where are they?
ETA to target, four minutes.
I shouldn't have left her.
Don't worry about it, big man.
I'm sure she got out of
here before it happened.
Or, as the good reverend would say,
Why we're on this particular
mission we'll never know.
But I do know, here today,
that the Black Knights
will emerge victorious once again.
Amen, man.
Amen, Reverend.
Holy God.
Lock and load.
Roger that.
Los Angeles Attack Squadron has
Amraam missiles locked on target.
Washington and New York
squadrons reporting lock on.
Fire at will.
Knights we are red and free.
Knight 1, Fox 3.
Knight 3, Fox 3.
Knight 7, Fox 3.
Missiles have been fired.
Are they not getting through?
No, sir. Not one.
Command, Knight 1.
Switching to sidewinders.
Moving in.
Knight 3, Love 50.
Notch reference 1-2-0.
Knight 7.
1-2-0.
Knight 1.
Sweet luck.
Echo, Fox 2.
Knight 7, Fox 2.
Come on. Come on.
They must have some kind of
protective shield over their hull.
Knights! Pull up! Pull up!
Knight 3, pull up!
Controls are showing complete
failure of the stats.
Pull up!
Blow through!
There's so many of them!
They got another one, sir.
Oh, no. You did not shoot
that green shit at me.
I've got you covered, big daddy.
Damn. They got shields, too.
Let's go, Knights.
Move, Knights, move!
Jesus.
They got another one, sir.
Two more just went down.
They're dropping like flies.
We're losing them.
All right. Get them out of there.
All right. Squadron leaders,
retreat to fallback positions.
Abort mission. Abort mission right away.
Do you read me?
Do you copy?
We're going to have to make
a run for this one here.
Let's get low.
Let's get fast.
I got you, big daddy.
Let's get them.
Watch the deck.
Do you read me, your postion?
Squadron Leader, do you read?
Abort!
This isn't happening fast enough.
Get them out of there!
What's with the monitor?
Where's the picture?
We've lost the satellite.
We got two R-6, Jimmy. Check them.
Roger.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Move, move, move!
He's on me like white on rice, big daddy.
All right, Jimmy.
They ain't got nothing for us.
Let's push it.
We gotta go! We gotta go!
I can't shake them. I can't shake them.
Yes, you can. Just the way
I showed you. Let's go!
Check me out.
Maybe I'm going to try something.
Don't do nothing stupid over there.
You know me.
That's what I'm talking about.
Jimmy! Jimmy, what are you doing?
You can't bank at that speed.
Jimmy, he's closing on you!
Put your mask back on!
That's an order, Marine!
I can't breathe!
Jimmy!
Jimmy! No!
That's affirmative.
We have incoming.
Let me have it, son.
You got it.
Friendly?
Sergeant?
I don't think so.
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Come on and get me!
Come and get me!
What are you shooting at?
Where you at, baby?
Come on! Come on!
You can't hit nothing!
Low bridge!
See if you can fly that thing undercover.
Hope you got an air bag.
Son of a bitch.
That's right!
Get off of me!
That's what you get!
Look at you!
Ship all banged up!
Who's the man?
Wait until I get another plane!
I'm lining all your friends up right beside you!
Where you at?
Welcome to Earth.
Now, that's what I call a close encounter.
Baby, stay right here.
Stay right here with Boomer.
Keys.
Come on. Keys.
Yes!
Come on, baby.
Come on.
Rumor reports indicate that this battle
has repeated itself all over the world
with the exact same results.
You're just like your mother, you know that?
She was stubborn too.
I had to twist her arm
to get her to take her medicine.
You're gonna be all right.
You're gonna be fine.
You see, Troy?
You're feeling better already.
I couldn't find anything.
Everyone's packing up.
They're leaving.
They said there's a spaceship
heading this way.
We'd better leave too, then.
Penicillin. At least, it'll help you
keep his fever down.
Thank you.
It's really nice of you to help us.
I wish I could do more,
but we're moving out.
I'm going with you.
Well, I just mean that we're going too.
Cool.
Tell that punk to shut the door.
We're out of here.
He can sniff around somewhere else.
Bye.
It's Air Force One, for crying out loud.
Still he gets sick.
I don't feel so good.
Look at me? Like a rock.
Could be bad weather, could be
good weather. Doesn't matter.
We could go up, we could go down.
We could go back, we could go
forwards, we could go side to side...
What did I say?
He still gets airsick?
Yeah.
Julius, with all of this, I...
I didn't get a chance to thank you two.
All he could think of was getting to you.
There's still love there, I think.
Love was never a problem.
All you need is love.
John Lennon. Smart man.
Shot in the back, very sad.
We've moved as many of our forces
away from our bases as possible.
But we've already sustained heavy losses.
I spoke with the joint chiefs
when they arrived at NORAD.
They agree we must launch a counter
offensive with a full nuclear strike.
Over American soil?
You're saying at this point we should
sacrifice more innocent American civilians?
Is that right?
Sir, if we don't strike soon, there may not
be much of an America left to defend!
Sir! They've taken out NORAD!
What?
It's gone, sir.
My God!
The vice president?
The joint chiefs?
Mr. President.
We must launch.
A delay now would be more costly than
when you waited to evacuate the cities.
No, no. You're not gonna
launch nuclear weapons!
You're gonna kill them and us at
the same time. If we fire nukes...
then everybody else who's got them,
is gonna fire them. Sir, may I remind you
that you are a guest here?
You know what that means? Fallout!
You ever hear of nuclear winter?
It's the end of life as we know it.
David, you can't interfere with the conversation.
Do you hear what they're talking about?
I know, I know.
Don't even think about it!
Just go.
I don't have to go.
You have to leave.
It can't be allowed!
Shut up! Captain, get him out!
Hey, hey, don't tell him to shut up!
You'd all be dead now,
if it wasn't for my David!
None of you did anything to prevent this!
There was nothing we could do.
We were totally unprepared for this.
Don't give me unprepared!
Come on, Julius.
It was, what? In the 19, what? 50s.
Whatever, you had that spaceship.
Dad, look, Dad...
Yeah, that thing that you found in New Mexico!
Dad!
Where was that?
No, not the spaceship.
Roswell! Roswell, New Mexico.
Yeah! Don't do this.
No, you had the spaceship
and you had the bodies!
They were locked up in a bunker.
Come on.
Where was that?
David?
I don't know.
Area 51! Right?
Area 51!
You knew then! And you did nothing.
Sir.
Regardless of what you may
have read in the tabloids,
there have never been any spacecraft,
recovered by our government.
Take my word for it. There's no Area 51.
And there's no recovered spaceship.
Excuse me, Mr. President.
That's not entirely accurate.
What? Which part?
Hold on, everybody! Hold on!
Sorry.
The end hath come!
He spaketh His word,
and the end hath come!
Hop on!
We're heading out to El Toro!
You cannot defy what hath come!
It is the end!
El Toro?
Can you give me a hand?
Yeah, sure.
Oh, God!
Okay, okay,
Let's get this off.
Here, let me help you.
She's hurt pretty badly.
You know, this was supposed to be
my weekend off.
But, no!
You got me out here,
dragging your heavy ass,
through the burning desert,
with your dreadlocks sticking
out the back of my parachute.
You gotta come down here with an attitude,
acting all big and bad.
And what the hell is that smell?
I could've been at a barbecue!
But I ain't mad.
It's all right.
Hey!
Hey! Hey!
Do you need a lift, soldier?
When I flew overhead,
I saw a base not too far from here.
It ain't on the map.
Trust me, it's there.
Ten hut!
Mr. President.
General.
Welcome to Area 51.
Please follow me.
We're now 24 floors beneath the surface,
and, here's our main research facility.
Let's see it.
I'm sorry, sir, it's a clean room.
It's to keep it static free.
If we'd all get to decontamination...
Open the door.
Yes, sir.
My God!
Why the hell wasn't I told about this place?
Two words, Mr. President.
Plausible deniability.
I don't understand.
Where does all this come from?
How do you get funding
for something like this?
You don't actually think
they spend $20,000 on a hammer,
$30,000 on a toilet seat, do you?
Mr. President, this is Dr. Okun.
He's been heading up the research department
on this project for the last 15 years.
How do you do?
Mr. President!
This...
What a pleasure!
As you can imagine, they...
They don't let us out much.
I can understand that.
Well...
I guess you'd like to see the big tamale?
Follow me.
She's a beaut, ain't she?
As you can see from the repairs,
we've been trying to put her back
together since the late 1960s.
Don't tell me you've had this for 40 years
and you don't know anything about them.
Oh, hell, no! No, no, no, no, no!
We know tons about them.
But the neatest stuff...
The neatest stuff has only happened
in the last few days.
See, we can't duplicate their type of power,
so we've never been able to experiment.
But since these guys started showing up,
all the little gizmos inside turned on.
The last 24 hours have been really exciting!
Exciting? People are dying out there.
I don't think exciting is the word
I'd choose to describe it!
You guys are hoping to fly this thing?
You said you can repair their technology.
Can you tell us anything useful about them?
Oh, yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, I mean...
They're not all that dissimilar from us.
Breathes oxygen,
comparable tolerances to heat, cold.
Probably why they're interested in our planet.
Hey!
You guys wanna see them?
This is...
This is the vault.
Or, as some of us have come to call it...
the freak show.
When we found them,
they were wearing some sort,
of biomechanical suits.
Once we got them off, we learned
a great deal about their anatomy.
Eyes, ears,
no vocal cords.
We are assuming they communicate
with each other through some other means.
You're obviously not thinking about
hand signals and body language.
It's some kind of extrasensory
perception, telepathy.
So...
It's an organic life form.
Can they be killed?
Their bodies are just as frail as ours.
And these two died in the crash.
This one a few weeks later.
You just...
You have to get through their
technology, which is...
I'm sorry to say, far more advanced.
David,
you unlocked part of their technology.
You cracked the code.
Oh, no, no.
All I did was stumble onto their...
signal. I don't know how...
helpful I can be.
Why don't you show him
what you've discovered so far?
Figure out what they haven't thought of yet.
We'll see if you're as smart
as we all hope you are.
What code?
Captain Steven Hiller,
United States Marine Corps.
I'm sorry, captain.
This is a restricted area.
I can't let you pass without clearance.
Okay.
Come here.
You wanna see my clearance?
Maybe I'll just leave this here with you.
Let them pass.
Let them pass!
Get the hell out of the way!
Did you see that?
Come on down.
Look!
Watch your step.
Alright.
Well, obviously this cockpit
was designed to seat three.
Though how they sat on them,
I don't know.
Gently.
You see these gizmos flashing?
Yeah.
We've been working around the clock
trying to get a fix on all this crap.
Some stuff we figured out right away.
This we're pretty sure is the life
support system for the cabin.
And this doohickey is connected to...
Well, it was connected to the engine.
Here, take that, will you?
These configurations...
Well, to be honest, we don't know
what the hell this crap is.
But this is clearly what they use
to guide and navigate their craft.
Neat?
Could somebody grab my laptop there?
Doc can I just have the computer inside?
What?
See these patterns here?
They are repeating sequentially,
just like their countdown signal.
They're using that frequency
for computer communications.
See?
That's how they're coordinating their ships.
You know...
You're really starting to make us look bad.
They got one! They got one alive!
They got one, alive!
Jesus!
Look. You'll be okay by yourself, Dave?
Fine by it.
Yeah.
Don't touch anything.
Everybody's always telling me
not to touch anything.
Here, here.
It's all wet.
Right here.
We got him in the back of the pickup.
General, sir. Captain Steven Hiller,
United States Marine Corps.
Guess who's coming to dinner!
I need a doctor.
I need a doctor!
Oh, boy! Oh, boy!
How long has he been unconscious?
About three hours.
Let's get him in containment, stat!
My son, he's very sick.
He needs immediate attention!
He's drying out.
I want him sprayed down with saline.
He has a problem with his adrenal cortex.
Please!
If you don't do something about it
right now, my son will die!
Okay, just help him!
Okay. O'Haver, Miller, you come with us.
You, take us to him, okay?
Let's go.
All right! Move it, move it, move it!
As the former head of the CIA,
you knew about this place.
When were you planning
on informing the rest of us?
It had been deemed classified.
You should have told us about
this when they first arrived!
You should have warned us
before we launched a counterattack,
that cost the lives of hundreds
of American pilots!
There was no way that we could have known
that our fighters would have been
that ineffective against their attackers.
Mr. President.
The little bit of information we have comes
directly into this room, Mr. President.
Atlanta, Chicago and Philadelphia.
Destroyed.
We learned that NATO and Western Allied
installations were the first to be taken out.
Then we were hit.
They knew exactly where and how to hit us.
And our forces?
We're down to 15%.
If you calculate the time it takes
to destroy a city and move on,
we're looking at the worldwide
destruction of every major city...
in the next 36 hours.
We're being exterminated.
Mr. President.
This is Captain Steven Hiller.
Captain.
Mr. President.
Well done!
Where is it now?
We have it isolated down
in the containment lab, sir.
I'd like to go see it.
General, I'm really anxious
to get back to El Toro.
Hasn't anyone told you?
El Toro has been completely destroyed.
We were lucky.
Yeah!
Today was the first time I used the subway.
Thank God for the Metro Rail.
These should last us a while.
Don't move. I'll get it for you.
Stay still.
He's your son?
He's my angel.
Was his father stationed here?
No, he...
He wasn't his father.
But I was kind of hoping
he wanted the job, though.
So what do you do for a living?
I'm a dancer.
Ballet!
No.
Exotic.
Sorry.
Don't be.
I'm not.
It's good money. Besides...
My baby's worth it.
Dylan, come here.
I want you to meet the First Lady.
Hello.
Hi.
I didn't know that you'd recognized me.
Well, I didn't want to say nothing.
I voted for the other guy.
All right, life-support monitors recording.
So if we screw up, it's all on tape.
Okay, come on, come on, come on.
Let's get this biomechanical suit off.
Put the spreader right here,
right along the ridge.
Microprobe thingamajig goes right here.
Pick there. Good.
All right, now spread it very, very gently.
Let me get in.
Gentle, gentle, that's it.
Run this right in...
All right. Okay.
Let's proceed.
Now comes the... the really icky part.
Oh, boy!
This is one smelly, disgusting...
Oh, look at it!
It doesn't look alive, does it?
The arm is moving.
Doctor? Doctor?
Doctor?
Don't move! Don't move!
Dr. Okun?
Release me.
Open the door. Get him out of there!
No, wait.
Release me
now.
Now!
I know there is much
we can learn from each other,
if we can negotiate a truce.
We can find a way to coexist.
Can there be a peace between us?
Peace?
No peace.
What is it you want us to do?
Die.
Die!
Mr. President.
Is that glass bulletproof?
No, sir.
Are you all right?
I saw...
his thoughts.
I saw what they're planning to do.
They're like locusts.
They're moving from planet to planet.
Their whole civilization.
After they've consumed every
natural resource, they move on.
And we're next.
Nuke them.
Let's nuke the bastards.
Just my luck. No ice.
I take it you've heard?
Hey, toast.
To the end of the world.
He didn't come to this decision lightly.
He didn't have any other choice.
Well, you still believe in him.
Yeah.
Well, he's a good man.
He'd better be. You left me for him.
Or, you know, for your career.
You know, it wasn't just my career.
It was the biggest opportunity of my life.
I wanted my life to make a difference.
I wanted my life to mean something.
Yeah. And...
I wasn't...
ambitious enough for you?
David!
David, you could have done
anything that you wanted.
Research, development...
Oh, honey, I was happy where I was.
Haven't you ever wanted to be
part of something special?
I was part of something special.
Well, if it makes any difference,
I never stopped loving you.
But that wasn't enough, was it?
Let's pick it up, man. We've got
a tight schedule. Now, let's go!
Let's pick it up, man.
We're on a tight schedule. Let's go!
Let's go man!
Pick it up!
What the hell are you doing?
Get out of there!
Look, I got something I gotta handle.
I'm just borrowing it.
No, you're not, sir.
Do you really wanna shoot me?
Just tell them I hit you.
Command, this is Retal Op.
Squadron is in the air.
We are on station
and awaiting instructions.
Roger. Break formation.
Head to targets.
Sir...
They're breaking formation.
Mr. President, we're initiating sequence code.
Verification. Alpha. Zulu. Six. Eight. Niner.
Which city will be reached first?
Houston, Texas.
ETA, six minutes and counting down.
Houston.
The major cities have been deserted.
Civilian casualties should
be down to a minimum.
Command, this is Neighborhood Watch.
We are in position.
Tracking monitors are locked on.
We are going to visual recon.
Roger that, NW.
We have confirmation.
Launch code confirmed.
Alpha. Zulu. Six. Eight. Niner. Standing by.
Laser targeting.
Locked on.
We're locked on, sir.
Do you wish to deploy?
Mr. President, if you wish to deploy,
the time is now.
Mr. President?
Deploy.
That's a go. Alpha. Zulu. Six. Eight. Niner.
That's correct. Deploy.
Here we go.
Bird's away.
We have visual confirmation of the missile.
It's on target.
Approaching.
May our children forgive us.
Five seconds to impact.
Three, two...
one.
Oh, yeah! It's a hit!
Get down! Get down!
Can we confirm that
the target was destroyed?
Get the tank commander on line. I want
confirmation that the target was destroyed.
Yes, sir!
Red Arrow, Alpha 9723. Can you read?
Repeat, Commander.
You're breaking up.
We have lost visual.
Roger that.
We're looking for confirmation.
We got the bastards.
Yeah!
Good job, everyone! Congratulations!
Commander, do you have visual?
I repeat, we need visual confirmation.
Has the target been destroyed?
Negative.
Target remains.
I repeat, target remains.
Call the other planes back.
Other bombers might have more luck.
We shouldn't just give up on this!
I said call them back!
Abort.
Abort mission.
Issue the abort codes right away.
This is an abort, full abort.
Do you read?
Abort mission right away.
Jasmine!
You're late!
You know I like to make an entrance.
Where are we going?
Through there, sir.
Mr. President, your wife is resting
comfortably for the moment.
Perhaps if we had gotten to her earlier...
Hey, there she is! Go on!
She doesn't look too good.
Your wife is bleeding internally, Mr. President.
Perhaps if we'd gotten to her earlier...
Wait a minute. What are you saying?
We can't stop the bleeding.
If we'd...
There's nothing we can do for her.
We were worried.
We didn't know where you were.
You've gotten bigger, I think.
I did?
You just keep growing and growing.
I can't...
Hey.
Can you wait outside for a little bit,
so mom can get a rest?
Hey, come on, Munchkin.
I'm so sorry that I didn't come home
when you asked me to.
It's okay.
The doctors...
think that you're...
gonna be just fine.
Liar.
Is Mommy sleeping now?
Yeah.
Mommy's sleeping.
Hey.
David!
What the hell are you doing?
I'm making a mess!
Yeah. This I can see.
We gotta burn the rainforest
with toxic waste,
pollute the air and rip up the ozone layer!
Because maybe if we screw
this planet up enough.
They won't want it anymore.
Wait, wait, wait. David, David!
Don't do this to yourself.
Listen to me.
Are you listening to me?
I'm listening.
Everyone loses faith
at some point in their life.
David! Even myself.
I haven't spoken to God
since your mother died.
You see, sometimes...
we have to remember what we still have.
Like what?
Well...
you still have your health.
David, David, you need your rest.
Come on!
Get off this freezing concrete floor
before you catch a cold. Come on.
What did you just say?
You mean about faith?
Well, you see, a man can live his life...
No, no, no.
No, the other part.
What? What?
I don't want you to catch cold.
What is that?
What's the matter with you?
Genius.
Genius?
My dad. A total genius.
Jerry?
Wake up.
We got work to do.
Get everybody down here right away.
Look at that!
Does that thing really fly in outer space?
It most certainly does.
Sure doesn't look like it.
Hey, they're here.
All right, Connie, what's this all about?
I have no idea.
Get everybody off.
Right, everybody. Clear the platform.
Let's go. Come on. Come on.
Major Mitchell...
Do you have a pistol?
What?
Have you got a gun?
Sergeant, your sidearm.
See that Coke can on top of the alien craft?
Think you can shoot that thing off?
Do it. Shoot it.
Sir?
Go ahead.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm sorry. My fault.
My. My fault.
See, that Coke can
was protected by the craft's shield.
We can't penetrate their defenses.
We know that already.
What's your point?
Right. My point is,
if we can't beat their defenses,
then we gotta get around them.
Major, one more time...
Any time.
How did you do that?
I gave it a cold.
I gave it a virus.
A computer virus.
Are you telling us you can send out a signal
that will disable all their shields?
That's right. Just like they
used our satellites against us.
We can use their own signal, against them.
If we plant a virus, into that mother ship,
it's gonna then filter down into
all the corresponding ships below.
I'm sorry. I don't understand.
Just how exactly do we infect the
mother ship with this virus?
We're... We're gonna...
have to...
fly their alien craft out of our
atmosphere and dock with it.
We can enter here,
as shown in these satellite photos.
We then upload the virus.
We then set off some kind of explosion,
which will disable it.
And that'll disorient the smaller ships below.
And that could buy you,
I think at least, some time to...
to take them...
take them out, take them down.
Do your...
Do your stuff.
This is ridiculous!
How long would their shields be down?
I don't know. A matter of minutes.
You want us to coordinate
a massive worldwide counterstrike
with a window of only a few minutes?
With shields down,
that might be possible.
Please!
We don't have the manpower or the resources
to launch that kind of a campaign!
Not to mention that this whole
cockamamie plan
is dependent on a machine that no one
in this world is qualified to operate.
I wouldn't say that, sir.
I've seen these things in action.
And I'm well aware of their
maneuvering capabilities.
With your permission, general,
I'd like the opportunity to try.
That thing is a wreck!
It crash-landed back in the '50s!
We don't even know if it's capable of flying!
Jim...
remove the clamps.
Any questions?
Let's do it.
All right, you heard the president,
let's get this thing preped and ready to fly!
Good luck, pilot.
Thank you, Mr. President.
A virus!
Your idea.
That's right.
Do you really think you can fly that thing?
Do you really think you can do
all that bullshit you just said?
I understand you are upset
over the death of your wife.
But that's no excuse for making
another fatal mistake.
No! The only mistake I ever made
was to appoint a sniveling little weasel
like you as Secretary of Defense.
I don't think you understand!
However!
That is one mistake I am thankful
to say that I don't have to live with.
Mr. President, please!
Mr. Nimziki...
You're fired.
Let's organize every plane we can find
and get us some goddamn pilots to fly them.
Yes, sir.
He can't do that.
Well, he just...
did.
Command has attempted to compile
a list of casualties and losses,
but information is sketchy at best.
Well, we know we've lost
the Belgian contingent in the Sina.
There's a strong possibility ther may be more
reinforcements hiding in the Golan Straits.
What the hell's he saying?
It seems they're getting a signal.
Old Morse code.
It's from the Americans!
They want to organize a counter offensive!
It's about bloody time!
What do they plan to do?
We have confirmed reports
of combat-ready divisions
in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia.
That's impressive.
Considering it's all being done with...
Morse code.
The armed forces here?
We have sufficient aircraft
for the battleplan, but...
But what?
Pilots are coming up short.
Well, then, find them.
Ham radio operators
from New York to Japan
trade rumors of military forces in hiding
unwilling to reveal themselves
for fear of annihilation.
What we're planning at this time
is to launch a counter offensive.
However, with our depleted manpower,
we're asking that anyone with any
flight experience come forward.
Military training is preferable, but anyone
who can fly a plane would be useful.
I can fly.
I'm a pilot.
All right, guys, listen up!
All right, pay close attention.
These F-18s are very different
than the jets you piloted before.
It's kind of strong.
You have to forgive the expression,
but you're about to get a crash
course in modern avionics.
Keep it coming. Keep it, keep it.
Okay, you got it!
All right, listen up.
Before we can begin,
we're gonna have to get a little
background information
on your flight experience.
Let's start with you.
Who, me?
Well, I'm Russell Casse, sir.
And, after 'Nam, I got into crop-dusting.
And...
been doing that ever since.
On a personal note, sir,
I'd just like to add that...
ever since I was kidnapped
by aliens 10 years ago,
I have been dying for some payback.
And I just want you to know that...
I won't let you down.
You have one tactical nuclear missile
we're loading into this launcher
we're installing under the right wing.
This is the firing mechanism.
It'll be attached to the ship's main console.
Just like the Amraam launch pad on a Stealth.
Except the nuke will not detonate at impact.
You'll have 30 seconds
to get your asses out of there.
Good luck, gentlemen.
30 seconds.
Tell me, tell me.
Well, it's the strongest radio transmitter
we could get.
It'll tell us when you've uploaded the virus.
30 seconds.
Don't you think that's cutting
it a little too close?
We're gonna be well on our way
back home before we shoot that thing off.
Why you? David!
I don't...
I don't understand,
why you can't show someone else
how to plant the virus.
Someone who is trained.
No.
No, something may go wrong.
I may have to think quickly, adjust the signal.
Who knows? Hey.
You know how like I'm always
trying to save the planet?
Here's my chance.
Now he gets ambitious.
It's too tight.
Well, I had to borrow it. Let me see.
Okay. All right, I guess that's good enough.
So. How do I look?
Oh, thank you. You're a lot of help.
You're late!
Well, you know me.
I know. You like to make a big entrance.
Listen.
Before we do this,
I just wanna say I'm sorry.
Sorry for what, babe?
I should have done this a long time ago.
Do you have the ring?
Yes, sir.
Here, make yourself useful.
Witnesses?
We got hung up.
Well, let's get this show on the road.
Dearly beloved,
we're gathered here in the sight of God,
and in the presence of these witnesses,
to join this man,
and this woman in holy matrimony.
Any person who can show good cause
why these two should not wed,
please speak now
or forever hold your peace.
Steve, will you take this woman
to be your wedded wife
to live together with her
in the holy state of matrimony?
Will you love her, comfort her,
honor and keep her in
sickness and in health
and forsaking all others,
keep yourself only for her
as long as you both shall live?
I will.
Good morning.
They're a little young.
That they are.
They look a little nervous.
I need all flight crews to report
to their designated areas immediately.
Major, can I borrow that?
Sir.
Good morning.
In less than an hour...
aircraft from here will join
others from around the world.
And you will be launching the largest
aerial battle in the history of mankind.
Mankind, that...
word should have new meaning
for all of us today.
We can't be consumed
by our petty differences any more.
We will be united in our common interest.
Perhaps it's fate that
today is the 4th of July.
And you will once again
be fighting for our freedom.
Not from tyranny,
oppression or persecution.
But from annihilation.
We're fighting for our right to live.
To exist.
And should we win the day,
the 4th of July will no longer
be known as an American holiday,
but as the day when the world
declared in one voice.
We will not go quietly into the night!
We will not vanish without a fight!
We're going to live on!
We're going to survive!
Today, we celebrate our Independence Day!
Let's go!
Mr. President. Right this way, sir.
I've got your gear over here.
Good luck!
I've got you a jumpsuit for you, and the rest
of your gear is stored away in this duffel.
You've got your choice of helmets.
Mr. President, I'd sure like to know
what you're doing.
I'm a combat pilot, Will.
I belong in the air.
Okay, sir. Let's get you airborne.
Right over here.
You know, as soon as I get back,
we're gonna light those fireworks, right?
Here.
Take these.
Just in case.
Where's...
I'm very proud of you.
Be careful, okay?
It's time.
I love you.
Oh, damn! Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait. Wait. We gotta find some cigars.
I can't... I never...
Here, here!
Take these. My last two.
You are a lifesaver.
Almost put a hex on the whole damn thing!
Missile launch.
Oh, crap!
What do I hit? Which one?
I picked a hell of a day to quit drinking.
This is our victory dance.
Not until the fat lady sings.
Yes, okay.
This is important.
Fat lady. I gotcha.
Open launch tunnel.
Shaky?
Is it gonna do this the whole way?
Just make sure your seat backs and tray tables
are in their upright and lock position.
Yeah. Is it?
Let's rock 'n' roll.
What does that mean?
What do you mean...
No, I got it. Look, some jerk
didn't put the diagram right.
I know what I mean. I'm fine.
What do you mean saying oops there?
What do you say we try that one again?
Yes, yes. Yes, without the oops.
This is...
That a way!
I have got to get me one of these!
No, no, no! What was that?
What was that? Don't do that!
Just trying to get a feel for
the old girl, that's all.
Oh, no, no, don't. Leave her alone. Really.
Look, no hands.
Steve!
You're all secure, sir.
Grey, do you read me?
Roger, Eagle One.
Your primary target has shifted course.
Which way they headed?
I think our secret's out.
They're headed straight for us.
ETA, 26 minutes.
You still with me over there?
What the hell was I thinking?
I've been waiting for this my whole life.
Head straight for it.
What the hell?
Don't touch them. Don't, don't, don't!
I was counting on this.
They are bringing us in.
When the hell was you gonna tell me?
We've got to work on our communication.
We have visual.
Do not engage until we've confirmed...
the package has been delivered.
Roger.
Major, what happens if that thing gets here,
before the virus is planted?
Well, ma'am, this facility's
buried deep within a mountain.
It should provide us some protection.
Great.
What about the people outside?
Lieutenant Sell, we got incoming.
Oh, my God!
Look at that!
There must be thousands of them.
Millions of them.
What the hell are they doing?
Looks like they're preparing an invasion.
Hey, I don't like this.
This is stupid. They can see us!
Oh, no, no, no, no.
This thing comes fully loaded.
AM/FM radio, reclining bucket seats and...
power windows.
Come on, baby.
We're in.
Do it. Do it.
Do it.
Sir, he's uploading the virus.
Eagle One, the package is being delivered.
Stand by to engage.
Roger. Eagle One, check left.
Listen up! We have an emergency situation.
We need everyone to grab
everything they can.
Only what you can carry.
We need to get you inside immediately.
The virus is in.
All we can do now is...
pray.
Delivery complete.
Engage.
Delivery complete. It's a go!
It's a go!
Eagle One. Fox three.
Gentlemen, this is it.
Come on, come on, come on.
Virus ineffective. Disengage.
Get your people out of there.
Disengage.
Rear flank, follow suit.
Hold on, Command.
I want another shot at it.
Sir, I strongly recommend you disengage.
Eagle One.
Fox three.
Direct hit!
It's a hit! Squadron leaders, fire at will!
Fire at will! Fire at will!
We're going in.
Squadron leaders, take flight.
Eagle Six at seven.
Eagle Five at three.
Eagle One. Fox two.
Eagle Twenty! Fox two!
Evasive maneuvers!
Squadron leaders, evasive maneuvers!
Prepare to engage!
All right, Mr. President! Here we go!
All right, baby. I've gotcha!
Payback's a bitch, ain't it?
Okay. Job's done. Let's go home.
Gladly.
What's up?
It's stuck.
What?
It's not responding. It's stuck.
Try it again.
Come on, come on!
Steve, Steve!
Hey, what the hell are you doing?
It's not me, they're overriding the system.
Oh, shit!
Hide.
Everybody hold someone's hand.
Hold hands.
Come on in.
I'm not Jewish.
Nobody's perfect.
God! Where are they?
This could be our last night on Earth.
I don't wanna die a virgin.
If we do, we'll both die virgins.
But at least we'll be together.
Are you scared?
Me, too.
Eagle Seven, fox two.
Eagle Three, fox two.
We're running out of missiles, sir.
We're just not causing enough damage.
It's settling directly over us.
They're preparing to fire their primary weapon.
Then let's take it out before it takes us out.
Target at 12 o'clock.
My God, they're everywhere!
Bandits on our tail! They're locked on!
I see them. I see them.
All right, squadron leaders,
I want a weapons check.
You're out of time!
You've gotta disable it now!
I'm in range. Locking on.
I've got tone. Eagle One, fox two!
That is a negative impact.
That is an NI. Negative impact.
I'm out of missiles. Eagle Two!
I'm on it.
Oh, Jesus!
Sir, all missiles have been fired.
You're out of time!
Get your ass out of there!
We're not done yet!
Get as far away as you can!
Doesn't anyone have any missiles left?
Sorry I'm late, Mr. President!
Kind of got hung up back there!
Pilot, you armed?
Armed and ready, sir!
I'm packing!
Who is that guy?
Put him on speaker.
Pilot, identify yourself.
It's me!
Russell Casse, sir.
I told you I wouldn't let you down!
Just keep those guys off me
for a few more seconds, will you?
Okay. Echo Niner, Echo Seven,
take flanking positions.
I want you to look after this guy, okay?
All right, boys.
Let's give Mr. Casse some cover!
Gentlemen! Let's plow the road!
We'll draw them off and it'll be all yours!
Look out! Coming through!
I've got tone.
Eagle Twenty. Fox two.
It's jammed.
It won't fire.
Damn it!
Do me a favor.
Tell my children,
I love them very much.
All right, you alien assholes!
In the words of my generation...
Up yours!
Dad! What's he doing?
Come on, baby!
Come on, baby, come on!
Good luck, buddy.
Hello, boys!
I'm back!
He did it!
The son of a bitch did it!
All right!
What your father did was very brave.
You should be proud of him.
I am.
Now we know how to take them out, general.
Spread the word.
Get on the wire to every squadron
around the world.
Tell them how to bring
those sons of bitches down.
What do you think?
Checkmate.
Well, it's funny. I always thought
that things like these would kill me.
Thank you.
It's been a pleasure.
Steve, you too.
Only one thing left to do.
Ready?
Yes, sir.
Hey, all right!
Look at us!
Take a look at the earthlings.
Goodbye!
Y'all take care, all right?
Nothing but love for you!
Goodbye!
Nothing but love for you.
Do you think they have any clue
what's about to happen to them?
Not a chance in hell. Good night!
Peace!
We're loose.
Can you get us out of here in 30 seconds?
I ain't heard no fat lady!
Forget the fat lady. You're obessed
with the fat lady. Drive us out of here!
They're chasing us.
Oh, really! You think?
Oh, that was a hit. I took a hit.
We're not hit! We're not hit!
Stop side-seat driving!
Left, left! Tunnel, tunnel! Exit, exit, left!
Where the hell do you think I'm going?
Okay, okay. We're...
They're closing up on us.
Is that closing?
Shut up, shut up, shut up!
Must go faster, must go faster,
must go faster.
Go, go, go, go, go, go!
Elvis has left the building!
Thank you very much.
I love you, I love you, man.
They're going down all over the world,
Tom. We got them beat.
How about our two delivery boys?
Any word from them?
We lost contact with,
Captain Hiller and Levinson
nearly 20 minutes ago.
Hold it!
Hold on, sir.
I've got something on radar.
Sorry, sir.
Good job.
Thank you.
Well done, captain.
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.
David...
Not bad.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Not too bad at all.
Oh, so this is healthy?
I could get used to it.
Happy 4th of July, Daddy.
Same to you, Munchkin.
Didn't I promise you fireworks?
Yeah.